it's basically an h.264 encoder is there
are h.264 files if I open one up here is
there h.264 so we've had to work
enormously hard to get a complete h.264
encoder product into such a small USB
size but if you want to go to different
types of devices we've got ipod small
pipe at large youtube Apple TV which
seems to be the same size iphone and of
course full resolution don't minute
ladies and gentlemen I
okay grant so what are we looking at now
what we're looking at here is black
magic video recorder this is the
consumer version of the park which is
got an analog component in I've got
three component connections and the
audio connections this is the product
here we put in front so it's very
compact really little USB extension
cable plugged into the end of the imac
here this is the video recorder software
so as you can see it's very very simple
you've got crop marks so in the case of
this video here if we were recording
this off home movie or something like
that we've got letterboxing I've also
got a blanking mark down the side so
what you can do is you can bring the
crop back down
and you bring the crop mark down here
get rid of bit of that blinking and then
now what you do when you record you see
the count is running the audio is
pumping it'll now record your movie nice
and crops you get a good clean movie
pitch to edge you see it's all right
after the edges so it's really nice to
give it a 10 alone flanking so when you
upload to youtube and while you're going
to your iPhone you get you know really
clean picture all across the screen if
you want to go to different types of
devices we've got ipod small pipe at
large youtube Apple TV which seems to be
the same size iphone and of course for
resolution shouldn't you be able to do
one in code that will work on iPod
iPhone and Apple TV yeah I think if you
do well if you do ipod small it'll work
on every product but of course you won't
get the best resolution on the bigger
devices so i think if you do a larger
like ipod larger code i think it won't
work on the original ipods okay but it
works and everything else so i pod small
will work on everything but not full
resolution exactly like an iphone's got
a high-resolution screens and the
regional ipod so you really want to
encode on a larger size if you going to
be using products like that $119 to
scare most files now can all be
something straight into your iphone or
your iPod so it's a really fun and easy
product to use and I think it looks
great but you can also it's it's
basically in h.264 encoder is our h.264
files if I open one up there is there
h.264 and it's slightly less than full
resolution is the crop a little
now when i first started looking tasty
up to 64 i was spending unimaginable
amounts of time encoding on my g5 which
is what i was using back then yeah so
that's the great thing about video
recorder because it records indicate
statistics for you don't need to do any
rendering to get it to your IT ipod and
also the good thing is you can use much
slower computers because all the work is
done in a device itself so we've had to
work enormously hard to get a complete
h.264 encoder product into such a small
USB size but you know if we did that you
can drop any laptop bag you can have it
you know available with the other you
know with your computer so everything
can be benefit from being small on a
know any product that can really be
better because it's bigger it's much
better when they're small so it's a real
challenge to get the whole h.264 encoder
down in such a small size with basically
broadcast quality analog video the
analog video on this and the analog
audio her off the multi bridget clips
product because we didn't want to do
kind of a junkie product we wanted to
you know really good quality products so
that you know it's just it lives up to
the name we're trying to create which is
like really bad father you're very proud
of this aren't you ah just a lot of it's
fun it's like you know all these other
products are great but you can't got to
do video editing and a job to actually
appreciate them this thing I'd just like
home and play with it and I'd you know
it's fun you know so that's you know
it's kind of like it's a very different
kind of feel I guess to do know what
professional products are great but
they're you know it's business to
business it's like people are doing
business that's fun but this one is
different i can just model with it you
know without needing to do anything I
feel like I got to work when I'm using
the broadcast you know post-production
products where is this song I i feel
like i can play with it so it's a
different it's sort of a more fun use
you know i guess it reminds me of two
years ago when I spoke to you that you
had the same enthusiasm for intensity
damn yeah intensity was fun I think we
got a dose of that from intensity
because you can play with that too but
ultimately still about work you know so
I think there's sort of in some ways I
feel like this is our first pleasure
product whereas the other ones are work
products you know so that the most
important fun but this is just you know
I can enjoy this some way so so in
summary you can
tu apple TV you can incur to the iphone
you can k to my board to our culture and
for resolution before so you can back up
your tapes and there's professional
version and is considered special ones
sdio with deck control and the consumer
one is just an analog but its analog
component composite s-video and also
analog audio that's pretty high in
consumer videos yeah it's um it's really
nice i mean cost a little bit more to do
it to put good quality and a lot of
components in but i think when you do it
in the end you get a better result for
it and i think this was it is this
product now shipping in july when we get
the flashlight fantastic
you